today on our 2010 scion xb well be
installing the tow-ready t-one connector
part number one one eight four six eight
first we'll open up the rear cargo door
then we'll remove the floor liner Jack's
Gorge cover center foam compartment and
two interior trim compartments
next we'll go ahead and remove the rear
threshold after that we'll remove both
access panels one behind each taillight
assembly as you can see this is now
giving us access to the rear taillight
assembly and wiring go ahead and take
our tow-ready connector and the yellow
and brown wire connector and feed it up
from underneath the trim behind the
driver side taillight assembly then we
can press on the locking tab from the
manufacturers connector and disconnect
the wiring from the bulb and socket now
we can go ahead and plug in line with
our tow-ready connector and matching up
the manufacturers connector with tow
ready wiring harness my next connection
will be the red power wire the red power
wire will attach to the black power wire
provided with our install kit using one
of the yellow butt connectors we'll
strip back both ends of the wire add the
butt connector and crimp them down
now we can go ahead and mount the
converter box the mount the converter
box will peel back the two-way adhesive
and attach it to a clean flat surface
preferably the sheet metal just below
and behind the taillight assembly is the
perfect location next we'll need to
ground our converter box to do that
we'll take the white wire with the
pre-attached ring terminal and ground it
to the sheet metal of the vehicle to do
this I'll simply peel it back from the
yellow and brown wire and route it down
to where we can get easy access and
where the sheet metal doubles up over
here on the driver's side is a perfect
location using a self-tapping screw
we'll go ahead and attach the ground
wire to the sheet metal next we'll take
the red and green wire follow the
manufacturers wire from the driver side
to the passenger side and make the same
connection as we did on the driver's
side behind the taillight assembly
now we can go ahead and take the black
zip ties provided with the install kit
and secure our wiring now with that done
our next step will be to route our black
power wire outside the vehicle so we can
run it up into the engine compartment to
do this I'll take my utility knife or
razor blade cut a small slice and a
grommet to route the wire outside the
vehicle next we'll go ahead and take
couple the black zip ties and secure the
power wire inside the vehicle to the
manufacturers wiring
now with that completed we go ahead and
start reinstalling the interior trim
components
now with everything reinstalled when go
ahead start routing the power wire keep
in mind when routing your wires stay
away from excessive heat such as the
exhaust or moving components to steering
your suspension
now that we have our power wire routed
into the engine compartment I'll go
ahead and pull it up from underneath and
secure it with one of those zip ties
next I'll go ahead and route it over to
the positive battery terminal and I can
cut off the excess wire as we'll also be
adding an inline fuse holder dad inline
fuse holder we'll go ahead and strip
back the black power wire then we'll
take our fuse holder cut it in half
stripping back both ends but a ring
terminal to one side and our yellow butt
connector to the other
next we'll go ahead and take the yellow
buck connector and attach it to the
black power wire and crimp it down quick
tech tip at this point you can go ahead
and take some black electrical tape and
wrap up the butt connection keep out any
moisture dirt or debris that can build
up over time now we'll go ahead and
remove the positive battery post cover
and the nut on the positive battery post
so we can attach the ring terminal
directly to the battery now with a ring
terminal secured to the battery go ahead
and reinstall the positive battery post
cover we'll go ahead and install the
fuse and our fuse holder and cell the
cap now I'll go ahead and secure my
wiring with some black zip ties and then
cut off any excess from the zip ties to
clean up our install look next we'll go
ahead and show you how to use your new
4-pole connector simply take it out of
the jack storage area route it out to
the center of the vehicle and down to
the hitch or accessory be careful to
stay away from the latch of the rear
cargo door is pinching off in the latch
you can't harm the wire however the
weather stripping is thick enough that
it won't I'll simply go ahead and close
the door on the wire and use our new
4-pole connector then once we're
finished we'll simply go ahead open up
the door roll up our wire and store it
in with jack storage tools and that'll
complete the install of our tow ready
t-one connector part number one one
eight four six eight on our 2010 scion
xb
you